c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\TimesheetWeb.dll.config
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\TimesheetWeb.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\TimesheetWeb.pdb
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\obj\Debug\TimesheetWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\obj\Debug\TimesheetWeb.dll
c:\users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\obj\Debug\TimesheetWeb.pdb
C:\Users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\devesh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimesheetWeb\TimesheetWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
